h1. Web Penetration Attack Interface

Rails 4.2 

* "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise for user management and authentication
* "Bootstrap":http://getbootstrap.com/ or "Foundation":http://foundation.zurb.com/ front-end frameworks
* "Geolocation"


h2. What Is Implemented -- and What Is Not

The example application can be used as the basis for a website that provides a login page and user management. With knowledge of Rails, the website can be adapted and customized to your needs. Features include:

* Home page
* Navigation bar
* Sign up (create account)
* Login
* "Forgot password?" feature
* "Remember me" (stay logged in) feature
* Edit account (edit user profile)
* List of users
* Target Page
* GeoLocation Map

h4. Database

The application requires a database. The example application uses SQLite with Rails ActiveRecord. You can easily substitute PostgreSQL, MySQL, or other databases.

h4. Front-end Framework

The example application (here in the GitHub repository) integrates Bootstrap for a navigation bar and flash messages. The "rails_layout":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_layout gem is included so you can switch to the Foundation front-end framework.

h2. Similar Examples and Tutorials

This is one in a series of Rails example apps and tutorials from the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/. See a list of additional "Rails examples, tutorials, and starter apps":http://railsapps.github.io/rails-examples-tutorials.html. Related example applications may be useful:

* "Learn Rails":https://github.com/RailsApps/learn-rails companion to the book "Learn Ruby on Rails":http://learn-rails.com/learn-ruby-on-rails.html
* "Foundation and Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/rails-foundation/ shows how to integrate Foundation
* "Bootstrap and Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/rails-bootstrap/ shows to integrate Bootstrap
* "OmniAuth and Rails":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails-omniauth uses OmniAuth for authentication
* "Devise and Pundit and Rails":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails-devise-pundit uses Pundit for authorization

h2. Accounts You Will Need

* Admin Account can be made by z = User.find(1); z.admin = "true"; z.save

h2. On Startup!

* bundle install
* rake db:migrate